Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again today. I just
want to tell y'all thank you for joining
us and praying with us and being
here so promptly.
I'm going to go over some things
from what the Lord showed us in this last
video, but I want to say this right off
the bat:
I have to apologize. I was corrected by
the Spirit of the Lord today. I
went about last night, some of the things
I said and how I criticized
President Trump,
and the Lord said I dishonored him.
I want to say this: I apologize
for
my opinion and how I present myself
and some of the things I say
when I criticize him.
Because
of
things that the Lord had talked to me
privately about, I brought them up publicly,
and there were things that I shouldn't
have said. Me and Him,
we have these
conversations, but what we say doesn't
mean it's for the public. Does that
make sense?
Like my wife and I
have conversations we don't bring out in
public;
you just have private
conversations.
That's the way it is with the Lord. There
are
certain things I said about
his voting and the past
that I owe apologies
for,
and the Lord corrected me very sternly.
He said, 'Brandon,
the more your platform has
influence and the more it grows, you're
going to be held accountable more and
more for what you say.
You can't just flippantly say
things out of your mouth.
This is a public forum; there
are
millions of people
watching.'So,
for everybody in the government,
I'm going to tell you this: I apologize
for
how I handle myself sometimes. You
know what I'm learning? I'm growing and
I am
immature in how I handle some things.
I just want to say that I ask
you to overlook certain
things. I'm
growing—growing
pains is what I want to call
it. Was that anybody
else telling me to say that? No, it was the
Holy Spirit. He corrected me very
sternly
today. I was out letting my
dog go to the bathroom,
and
the Lord corrected me.
It was a very
heavy correction.
So, anytime the Lord corrects me to
the strength that He did today, I want
to always be quick to repent and make it
right.
I don't even know if I could make
that right other than just say,
'Listen, I was
wrong.'My
opinion and the conversations
I have with the Father just need
to—I
need to learn how to filter better. So,
like I said,
with all that being said, I pray for
grace from all y'all. There
was
not even anybody who said
anything. It was interesting; it
was just from the Lord.
But I'm always quick to make it
right.
Be quick to repent and turn from things
when the Holy Spirit corrects you.
In doing so, I've
continued to do that. That's why I
believe that
if
you keep a heart right before Him, He'll
keep using you.
Now,
praying over President Trump's
decisions
and
the council,
when I heard him
talking about Taiwan
and
China—can
you make sure what's that beeping
noise in the back? It's really
loud.
Do you hear the beep, beep, beep?
When I heard
in the meeting what was being said,
President Trump confirmed what we heard
in the Spirit
24 hours ago. He
confirmed it today in the news.
It was told
that Xi
Jinping
asked him
directly—the
president of China
asked him
directly—'Will
you stand in resistance if we take
Taiwan?'and
President Trump would not answer.
And you're about to hear that. So, what
did I hear?
I heard
that China was going to take Taiwan as
we took
Cuba in the days ahead.
I saw the President
liberating Cuba in the
days ahead,
and that there would be a financial
blessing over Cuba for the first time in
decades.
They would liberate the
tyrant government that has been
over them, and Rubio will slay his tens
of thousands and the
chameleon will slay his thousands, and
there will be jealousy between the
two
as one rises up in the polls and people
say, 'We want him. We want David
as our president
next.'The
one will be jealous of
it and he'll have his thousands,
but the one will have his tens of
thousands. And I saw him becoming very
polished in the days ahead, Rubio.
And I saw an anointing on him,
and I saw Byron, the black man
that has the
beard—I
saw that God was putting an
anointing on this man.
And I saw the number 25%. The Lord
said, 'There are things that need to be
corrected, but it's not much.
I will use this man in the days
ahead.'Do
you know who I'm talking about?
You can show his picture if you want,
but I saw Byron.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to touch
his
life.'I
saw
DeSantis was 50/50.
He was not as good as what he portrays,
but he was
a 50/50 mix.
And the Lord said Rubio was not;
his heart was more pliable.
And He said, 'Pray for these men.
I saw them becoming the cabinet of
the next
administration.'That's
what I was praying for.
I saw the African-American man.
People get mad and say,
'Brandon,
you say racial
things.'Listen,
I'm just a Southern boy. I don't
know nothing about trying to be
racist. I love all colors. I love
blacks, whites,
Chinese, Asians—I love
all of you. Brandon Biggs doesn't have
racism in his bones.
I love you. It's because I'm trying
to be politically correct, trying to
talk in front of hundreds of thousands
of people, and I may butcher things.
Then people say, 'Well, we're not
African-Americans; we're just
Africans.'Well,
I'm ignorant, okay? So forgive
me.
But I do the best I can with what I
know.
I saw this man
rise up like a vice president in the
days ahead.
I saw that there would be a strong pull
for
him—this
man right here. And the
Lord said,
'Pray for
him.'And
that's when I was talking about the
restoration and the restitution
of making wrongs right
for a true
African-American who is going
to rise up.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to
restore back what the
cankerworm
ate.'Obama
had a white mama,
but he's a true
black man.
And the Lord said, 'Watch what I do with
this
man.'And
I saw a blessing on him.
So you pray for him
because with that
target on you
in the spirit realm, the enemy would
try to derail it.
The enemy knows what's being prophesied
and
he doesn't want him to succeed.
So we're going to pray for him.
We pray for a covering over that man
Byron,
just
like how I told you about President
Trump.
God
has him in the office, and the enemy does not
want him to fulfill what God has called
him to do.
There's a covering over him,
and He said he must make it across the
finish line. There
are
things that God has appointed
him to accomplish that have to be
accomplished, and Cuba is one of them.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to liberate
the people.'And I saw old grandmas
praying. They had prayer shawls. They
looked like they were Catholic nuns. And
they were weeping before the Lord as
there was liberation coming to set the
people of Cuba free.
And the Lord said, 'In the days ahead,
watch. Keep praying
for what I'm about to do with
Cuba.'Okay?
And we keep bringing that up. We keep
bringing it up, and I said, "It's
coming."The
Lord keeps—the visions are very
colorful. They're very, very vibrant.
That means they're getting closer and
closer. There's something about to
happen. This is why the Lord keeps having us
pray for this.
But I saw Taiwan;
I saw a two-year
window. Do you remember I told you that
I heard President Trump
say—and
I don't know if this
was his thoughts, and I don't want
to be invasive, but I heard it—"All we
need is two years. We don't need their
chips. We'll make our own chips.
We will create chips in America.
All we need now is two years and
we will develop our own chips."Do you
have it?
Yeah. I don't know if he said all that,
but yeah. You said
chips. "We don't
need..."Yeah.
Well, I didn't say it because I'm
trying to be careful.
Yes.
So, I'm saying it today.
So, I saw a two-year window.
I saw a two-year window. And the Lord
said, "Do they?"And so I saw why President
Trump was trying to keep the dragon
at bay, cracking his whip.
Okay? I saw China cracking his whip. Like,
"Listen,"and
then President Trump said,
"We're 8,000 or 9,000
miles
away.
We're a long way."That's why I said,
"Pray for Hawaii.
Pray for Hawaii
because I saw a Pearl Harbor event
taking place in Hawaii
by China. It was Midway, a mid-ground
for our bases there
to go off and try to
protect. So as I saw that
protection there, it was a
two-year
window—praying
over a two-year window because the
Trump
administration—praying
over his covering over
him—it
has about two and a half years left. So
what we would have left of what I'm
seeing, what we're praying over, is
China taking it, but we would have our
own chips. And that was him
manufacturing here in
America:
Texas, probably Oklahoma, whatever in
the southern states
where we're not crazy like some of the
Democratic states are
charging so many taxes.
So that's what we're
trying
to play or not because it's a
distraction.
Go ahead.
Well, yeah. When I see it spinning,
Trump
wants
to pull back and he'll
start to focus on this.
Oh,
and I see Taiwan in the midst of it.
I see Taiwan in the midst of it
bartering pieces. Do you understand?
Trump's
going to make his own chips.
Do you hear?
Trump's going to make his own chips.
We don't need Taiwan.
That's what he...
and I don't mean that trying to—Chapter 2: Find
scriptures to stand on—I'm
just telling you what I heard. I see it.
We pray for the people of Taiwan. That's
what we got to do.
I'm just called
to
fear God, not man.
So I got quiet because the Lord
rebuked
me right there
and he said, "You fear me, not
them."Because
I was concerned about what Taiwan
people would be saying because of
what Trump had—about what he said. And
so that's why I was correcting that
because in my heart, I was thinking
more about what they were
thinking than the prophetic
word of what the Lord was showing me,
saying,
"Trump, this is what Trump said: 'We don't
need Taiwan.
We have our own chips. All we need is
two years.
All we need is two years.'"And then I was
more feeling about the people's feelings.
And the Lord said,
"Fear me, not them."And he corrected me.
I'm just being real. That's what was
going on right there. I got rebuked
again right then.
So the Lord showed us more about that.
Now, this is what was said about Taiwan
today and President Trump just had this
meeting.
Go ahead.
But
China made clear that Taiwan is very
important to them. And after your first
meeting here, President Xi's spokesman
put out a statement to the media
saying this: "The Taiwan
question is the most important issue in
China-US relations. If it is handled
properly, the bilateral relationship will
enjoy overall stability. Otherwise, the
two countries will have clashes and even
conflicts, putting the entire
relationship in great jeopardy."You were
still inside the meeting when that came
out. That sounded almost like a threat.
Was it communicated that way
behind closed doors?
No. And no, it wasn't. Not at all. But it
has always been their most important
issue.
And it's not a takeover. They just don't
want to see this
place—we'll
call it a place because nobody
knows how to define it—but they don't
want to see it go independent. They
don't want to do it. And
I think they probably would do
something pretty harsh and then they
would be met harshly and bad things will
happen.
So
no, it's not that. We talked, by
the way—last night we talked a whole
night about that issue. I think I
know more about Taiwan right now than I
know about almost any country.
He
dominated
the talk.
It's always been his most
important thing from the day I knew him
years ago. I've known him now 11,
12 years.
It's always been the biggest thing
for him: Taiwan. Now
with me, I don't think they'll do
anything when I'm here.
When I'm not here, I think they might,
to be honest with you. So, I'm not sure
that they do anything if it remained as
is,
but they have somebody there now that
wants to go independent. Well, it's
a
risky thing when you go
independent. You know, they're going
independent because they want to get into a
war and they want to—they figure they
have the United States behind them.
I'd like to see it stay the way it is.
And I'll tell you something, I'll make a
little news. I'd like to see everybody
making chips over in Taiwan come
to
America because, to be honest with you, I
think it's the greatest thing you can
do
because
it's a heated situation. There's no
question about it. And
as you know, we have massive amounts of
chip companies now from Taiwan already
coming in. We expect to have 40 to 50%
of the world chip business by the end of
my term.
And I think it should be even more
than that. I think all of those chip
companies—if
they're smart, they're
going to start heading to Arizona and
the places where they're building.
That's going to solve your problem.
So do you see that? It's what we saw in
the spirit.
That was what I was seeing. And
then they had the meeting and they had
this interview,
and this is what the Lord said: "We
don't need
Taiwan."That's
what he was saying. "We have
our own
chips."And
that was the whole reason why
America was back in Taiwan.
And they were moving into America.
And that's why I said, "Pray for
Taiwan,"because
I saw them
being—I
saw a mother hen bringing
the island to her,
trying to infiltrate South Korea
through the politics, through North
Korea,
through
the Philippines, through all
of Japan, trying to bring them in like a
mother hen.
And that's why I warned
you—how
many times do you remember me
saying this? They said, "Watch what China
does."And
I saw
China turning their back on the
Ukraine-Russia
thing that's going on.
And I saw—remember I said I see a panda
bear? Then I saw a turtle. I saw a dove
with a wounded chest. I saw two black
crows.
I saw
a robin,
and the robin had wounded the dove.
The two black crows were standing there
by the dove, and they were looking at the
dove that was perished on the ground
with its heart ripped out.
And I said this is symbolic of people.
And I saw the panda
turn its back upon Russia and Ukraine,
and I said he was gazing towards Taiwan,
and it said, "It's our time. We want to
take Taiwan now."And
Xi Jinping
is talking about it, and that's all
they're talking about. That was three weeks
ago,
two
weeks ago at the most. Maybe it was
last week.
And I said, "You're going to see an
acceleration concerning Taiwan in the
days ahead. Pray over Taiwan.
Watch."And
now this is all
they're—"Are
you going to stand in our way if we
do
this?"Okay.
But I saw as we took Cuba and
liberated Cuba and made them prosperous
and blessed and got rid of the
government they have and set up hotels
and churches and blessing. That's why
we are
praying for certain pastors in Miami,
because they
are
already setting up. They're already
walking by faith. They know what's
coming.
I've talked to them on the phone;
they already know what's coming. God
is about to do something huge in Cuba.
So you don't wait until it
happens. You're
not going to be reactive; you're
proactive, right? So you're already
getting your stuff ready because you
know what God's about to do in this
end-time move.
You're not going to wait until it
happens, because then you're already too late. You
want to be the forerunners for the
greatest move of God we've ever seen in
this
modern-day
era.
Watch what God is about to do with the
greatest revival. Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm just excited to be a part of it.
Go ahead and play the video concerning
Cuba. Did you find anything about that,
son?
Was the panda bear
talking about that?
Okay, this is the panda bear.
When was that?
April 30th, two weeks ago.
The panda bear
is devising a plan
of its own
with
a box.
The panda bear
has a box
and is looking over because he doesn't
want you to see it.
He has his head down and he's
looking in the box,
but he has a plan of his own.
He's turning his back on Putin;
he's turning his back on everyone else
and has a plan by himself.
The
evil-looking panda
is
wrapped in their flag
and it's talking to the dragon
Kim
Jong-un
as they gaze upon Taiwan. Do you see?
I said, 'Yeah, they gaze upon it.'Taiwan
is
glowing with
yellow lights.
And the panda is licking its lips.
The panda is licking its
lips—his
big long tongue—and he's licking
his lips.
Well, praise the Lord.
Father, we just praise you tonight
for what you've shown us.
Lord, we thank you
that we will pray over this and continue to
pray over this.
That's when he stopped;
that's why I stopped
and
started.
Thank you, Lord. Right now, son,
it's a good number. Always pray
with me; there is so much more time.
That's when it lifted,
because I said they
were licking their lips. They're about to
try to take Taiwan and they'll use North
Korea.
He was talking to the dragon.
Every single time I see over
North Korea, it's that red
dragon wrapped around there. It has tight
claws down in those people.
But that was before I saw the
dove, the cardinal, the two
black crows,
and the turtle.
The Lord said, 'Look at
these.'It
was symbolic of different people
in Europe.
So,
let's
see what they said
about Cuba today.
Do
you have anything real quick?
Okay, go ahead. Let's listen to
Rubio real quick. We're trying
to make it quick for y'all.
'In the case of Cuba, it is
a very different situation. There is no
economy in Cuba.
To the extent there's any wealth in
Cuba, it doesn't go
to the people. It
doesn't even go to the government. The
wealth is controlled by a private
company owned by military generals. They
take all the money; they're sitting on
billions of dollars. This is a
country where people are literally now
eating garbage from the streets,
but they have a company that controls
all of the money-making there. That's
sitting on 15 to 16 billion dollars. So,
it's a broken, non-functional economy and
it's impossible to change it. I wish it
were different, but I believe—it's my
personal opinion—you cannot change the
economic trajectory of Cuba as long as the
people who are in charge of it now are
in charge. That's what's going to
have to change because these people
have
proven incapable. I hope I'm wrong.
We'll give them a chance, but I don't
think it's going to happen. I don't
think we're going to be able to change
the trajectory of Cuba as long as
these people are in charge in that
regime.'That's
interesting.
And then
the CIA posted this.
Now,
there was more to what I saw
about that and the boxes concerning
where they raided the office
and then him going to Cuba.
After they raided the office,
they went through it and the Lord said,
'Remember
Kennedy?
Remember Kennedy? The Kennedy curse?
Remember
Kennedy?'There
was something so much darker to
this and the Lord would not allow me to
release it,
especially publicly. I will
say it
like
this: it's like Jason
Bourne.
Go ahead.
You have video?
No, it's not video;
it's CIA pictures.
They blurred out their faces.
There
are
people there gardening.
There are
things going on. The CIA shows up
right before, I believe, we invade.
Something major is about to go down. And
when it happens,
we'll be on here live praying with you
all.
We'll pray for them. It's going
to happen. I'm telling you, it's going to
happen.
I just believe with all my heart that
God is about to do something major with
this, and people are going to be upset
about it. Everybody will say, 'Oh well,
he's a war criminal'and all these
things. But I'm telling you, it's about
the revival.
You're looking at something so small
that you can see just on the news and
what fake news is telling you,
but the bottom line is it's about a
liberation of a people to have a major
revival.
We're running out of time. You are still
looking at your
little plan of what you're going to do
with your family—you're going
to have a little house on the
hill, a little cottage, maybe
three or four kids, have a
nice little car,
your 401k.
But I'm trying to tell you, Jesus Christ
is coming.
His main mission right
now is to save that which was lost.
And we're running out of time.
Right now He's going into the
places that have been
secluded, where
there are
great strongholds of
witchcraft. And the Lord said, 'I'm going
to deal with the witchcraft. I'm going
to deal with the witchcraft in Africa.
I'm going to deal with the witchcraft in
South America. I'm going to deal with it
over
Brazil, over
Venezuela, Colombia, and so on and
so on.'A major move of God is coming
and a liberation of the people who
have
been bullied.
God will use a wrecking ball like
Trump to come in and wreak havoc—not
just for
finances
and everything else, but the bottom
line is it's about bringing in the
harvest. And the Lord said, 'It won't be
war in North Korea. I'm going to deal
with Kim Jong-un
himself
and it will be like
Pharaoh.'So
get ready,
because God is about to shake this
world.
We're out of time.
And what's the most valuable thing to
the Lord? Do you know how much money
you have in the bank, how many zeros you
have in your account?
If you're a billionaire,
if you're the richest person in the
world? No, it's not; it's a tool.
His main thing that He suffered and died
for was souls—for you,
for me—that
none should perish but all come to
repentance. What does God value the
most?
You and me, His kids.
He did everything He could do
to save that which was lost.
But He doesn't send you to hell; you
send yourself to hell when you don't accept
Him as Lord and Savior.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter into the Kingdom of God.
Unless a woman is born again, she cannot
But the Lord didn't send you to hell.
You will send yourself to hell if you
don't repent and turn from your wicked
ways.
There is a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
I say it over and over
again because we're running out of time.
I talked to somebody and they said
they're getting to talk at the prayer
meeting
on Sunday, the 17th.
They get to talk for two minutes
and I said, 'What an
opportunity!'Two
minutes at the prayer breakfast, the
prayer vigil, or
whatever—the
rededication with Trump.
This
individual gets to talk for
two
minutes.
What are you going to say in that
two-minute
time to tell those masses of
people, all those thousands and tens of
thousands of people who show up for
that? From the reporters all the way
down,
you have a two-minute thing. I remember
Reinhard Bonnke.
He went to an old
disco back in the
early '70s. There was a disco
where
he was holding a revival,
and there were only adults at this
revival. He said, "Where are the
young people
at?"And
the guy said, "Let me take
you to where all the
young people are."He drove his car
up to this place, and it was a
disco; they were all in there jamming
and having a good time.
He said, "Oh no, all the young
people are in the disco, and
they're
dancing and doing bad, immoral
things."So
he went to the guy that owns the
disco and he said, "I'm
a missionary from Germany and I have
an important message I want to tell
the
people here."He asked
for five
minutes. The
owner
gave him five minutes.
He said, "You can't do it tonight, but
you come back tomorrow at midnight and
you have five
minutes."One
guy wasn't going to let him
talk, but the Holy Spirit worked on his
heart. So that next night he walked
into this
disco, this club,
and within those five minutes he
spoke. The Holy Spirit
fell so strong in there that there wasn't a
dry eye in the whole building, and all of
them gave their hearts to Jesus Christ in those
five
minutes when Reinhard Bonnke was
speaking.
The next time he went
back to that place, there was a
massive cross on the building, and
they had closed down the disco and
turned it into a church
because everybody got born again and
they sold it to a church.
It just takes a moment for Jesus to
touch your life.
All he needs is five minutes. All he
needs is two minutes
with the right person behind those two
minutes.
Whenever you're speaking with the Holy
Spirit, he will flood in within just a
couple of seconds. All it takes is just
one minute, one second for Jesus to
turn and make your life totally
different within just that
moment of time.
He can save you just by you saying, "Jesus, have
mercy on me. I repent.
Come into my life."How many seconds
does
that take?
It doesn't take God much.
We think it's going to take years for us
to turn around, but all it takes is just
one moment
for the Holy Spirit to light and set
your heart on fire for him.
All it takes is just one second.
Is this your one second right now,
as we see the day approaching and we
know the time is running out? Is this
your one second?
I say it again: unless a man is born
again, he cannot enter into the kingdom
of God.
Last night, we had well over 71 people
give their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Tonight's your night.
How many are here tonight and you tell
me, "Brandon, I see all the things
going on in the news and I'm at the end
of my rope. I know I'm not living right.
I've been backsliding. I'm living wrong.
I'm sleeping around. I'm going to the
strip clubs. I'm doing things that I
know I should not be doing."But I know
that tonight you're watching
me
on a Friday night and you're alone.
You're
needing some prayer. You're having
depression, you're having anxiety,
you're
having all these things. I don't know
what you're going through. You may be in
self-harm mode, thinking,
"I shouldn't live
anymore."You're
having these bad, evil
thoughts,
but it's not a coincidence that you
clicked on me right now and you're here
going, "Man,
will you just pray for
me?"Jesus
can turn your life around on a
dime. Jesus can turn your life around
and take your situation and
turn it from what the devil meant for
bad. God will turn it around for good if
you just give your life over to him
and say, "Jesus, I surrender all to
you."But
he's a gentleman. That's what's
amazing about him. Even whenever he
corrects me, he says, "Hey, you missed
it."He's
not mean,
but to whom much is given, much is
required.
So I go into all the world even tonight
and preach the gospel and tell the
people that Jesus Christ is coming.
But if you're here tonight and you tell
me, "Brandon, will you please pray for
me? I'm having a real hard time
right now.
I'm strung out on drugs,
porn, alcohol,
or
whatever. You may be strung
out on
meth."Weed's
become legal, so people
are
smoking weed all the time and they're
high all the time. Well, it's legal.
Well, so is alcohol; you can stay drunk,
too.
And
you walk around in a daze because
you're just smoking dope all the time.
You even drive
high now; everybody is driving around high.
You can smell it blowing out of their
cars
in Oklahoma.
That's not a way to live.
He died for you to live victoriously. He
died for you to have your head held
high. He died for you because he knows
there's potential in you, and he knows
that he has a greater future
for you. He has a plan more than what
you know of your past; he knows your future.
And he knows every hair on your head.
And he says, "Beloved, I wish above all
things that you prosper and be in health
even as your soul
prospers."The
moment you confess him,
the moment you surrender all to him,
you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and he
has a mansion built for you in glory and
you'll spend eternity with him in
paradise. The moment you confess
him—am
I saying it's easy to walk a Christian
life all the time? No,
but it's worth it.
When you get real with God, God will get
real with you.
I'm not a religious person. Now, people
will
be saying, "I'm all into
religion."Well,
that's on you; that's
fine. But it's not me.
I'm into a relationship.
I like sitting at his feet and talking
to him
because he'll tell you the secret
things.
He'll talk about sports, the
weather,
politics,
and
investments.
"Hey,
you do this and you'll make some
money."Oh,
he wouldn't do that? Yes,
he does,
but you're too small-minded.
It's not your grandma's religion;
it's called a relationship.
So if that's talking to you tonight and you're
telling
me, "Brandon, will you
please pray for me?
Tonight's my night. I want to be born
again. Tonight's my night. I don't want
to go to hell. I know I've been
living wrong. Will you just pray for
me?"Jesus
died for you publicly. I want you
to be public about your decision
tonight. I want you to put in the
comment section right now, "I want to be
saved."And
if I'm talking to you,
you tell me, "Brandon,
pray for me.
I need help. I can't keep living this
way.
My marriage is bad. My
girlfriend
broke up with me. My boyfriend broke up
with me. Whatever. I'm having a really
hard time right now. Will you just pray
for
me?"I'll
pray for you, but you need to
surrender all to Jesus.
You need to give him all.
Just
say this simple prayer:
"Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a Savior.
Jesus,
as of tonight,
I repent for any idol worship.
I repent for worshiping the devil. If
there are
some of you there who are Satanists: I
repent. I denounce Satan. I denounce
Buddha. I denounce Muhammad. I denounce
whoever
I
may be worshiping,
and I sell out to you, Jesus.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior. There
will
be no other one before you.
Tonight's my night. I dedicate my all to
you.
And I thank you, Lord,
that I confess my sins.
You are faithful and just to forgive me
of my sins and cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
I believe I'm born again.
I believe I'm saved. And if I were to die
tonight, I'll be with you in paradise
forever. Lord,
thank you that you wrote my name
in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And today,
behold, all things have been made new.
I believe I receive my forgiveness by
faith
in Jesus'name. Amen and amen."I believe
if
you just said that simple prayer and
you believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God
and he rose again on the third day, I
believe that you are born again.
I believe it's just simple.
Now, what do you do? You go to a
Bible-believing
church. Go to a
church that preaches the word
of God. Don't go to some church that's
watered down and lukewarm. Get into a
church that's on fire
and tell that
pastor there, "Listen,
I got born again watching some
baldheaded guy on YouTube.
I need to be water
baptized."Get
water baptized and get plugged into
that church. Read your Bible every
single day and pray. If you don't have a
Bible, I will send you a Bible for free
just to be a blessing to you, just to
say, "Welcome to the family."All you
have to do is email us at the address in the
description below. Put your name,
your address,
and the
information on
how to send it to
you, and we will send it to you for
free. We won't
bother you ever again. We just want to
love on you and tell you, "Welcome to the
family."And
so to all of you that are here
and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ,
I'm excited you're here. We rejoice
with you. We'll give you your
Bible—be
patient with us,
but we'll send it to you—we just
want to love on you. It would be a New King
James Version or Amplified or something
like that. You can request
the
Amplified, New King James, or King
James,
but those are usually the ones we stick
with.
We're so excited you're here. And
for
those that are here, like, subscribe, and be
a part of our YouTube channel. Come over
here and pray with us. For all 53 of you
that gave your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight, welcome home.
Welcome home. I'm glad we could pray for
you. That's exciting. All 53 of you. We
had 70-some plus last night. We have 53
tonight. That's wonderful. We're
excited. We rejoice for every single one
of you that gave your heart to Jesus
Christ tonight. You just made the best
decision you could have ever made.
So, between the two, over a hundred and some
souls in the last two days. We're
excited for all y'all.
Jesus is wonderful
and he'll change you from the inside
out. The more you read the
Bible, the more you get it down inside
of you, the word of God will change you
from the inside out.
You'll know the truth and the truth will
set you free.
It will set you free and make you free.
People will be trying to find other
ways of how to get free with counseling
and drugs and all kinds of stuff, but
the Bible will set you free.
Get that word down in
your heart, get it firm, and
get it rooted in you. You're going to be
changed from the inside out.
The entrance of
his word brings forth light.
And the more you read that word,
your eyes will be flooded with light
according to Ephesians. When you read
that word, the eyes of
your understanding will be enlightened.
You're going to know.
All right. So, that was that. Did
you have anything else?
No, I don't believe so.
Okay. Well, we're so grateful. We're
going to pray now for a little bit and
then we'll call it
a day here. See if the Holy Spirit wants
to show us anything. We're going to pray
over Cuba.
We're going to pray over
the
rededication on the 16th and 17th.
I was invited to that and I just didn't
feel peace about going,
but they invited me and told me I could
sit down at the front and I thought that
was a real big honor. You know,
certain things I've said have
been really bold and I just want to make
sure I always have my bases covered. I
don't walk in fear, but I know I've said
some things to tick a lot of people off.
So, you just have to watch
what you're doing,
because
I've
got some people that really like me and
then I've got some people that really
don't.
So,
I'm learning.
But we're excited. I pray for the
people that are going. I know it's going
to be an amazing time. We're going to
pray for them. We're going to pray for
the people who are speaking and we're going to
believe for revival to break out for a
rebirthing. What the Lord said last
night: a rebirthing of America. A
rebirthing of the baby.
I saw a baby wrapped in a flag again.
This is the second time I've seen this
about the same time last year.
And I saw Israel as a baby, and
it had a big tooth.
What was up with that? I don't know. It
had a little curly hair on the top.
And I said, "The baby didn't look too
cute. Israel baby didn't look too cute,
but the American baby did. It looked like one
of the Gerber babies.
And it had big chubby cheeks, you
know."And
I said, "That baby looked pretty,
but the baby Israel didn't look too
pretty."I
said, "I don't know why. I'm
not trying to be mean. I'm just being
real."It
had really curly
looking hair and it had a big
tooth. I don't know how many infants
have teeth,
but this infant did;
it
had a big front tooth.
Looked like a rabbit. I
thought, "What in the world is going on
with that rabbit tooth on that
baby?"It
was an infant that had teeth
already.
So, whatever that's about, I don't know.
The visions
what the Lord shows me are kind of funny.
Sometimes I laugh about them after they
are
over. I go, "What was that, Lord?
Why did I see a baby with a
tooth in his mouth, with curly hair,
with a little bow up there, and it said
Israel flag? Then I saw America and it
looked real cute like a little Gerber
baby."And
I thought, "Well, that baby in
Israel didn't look too pretty;
kind of an ugly baby."But okay.
So, all right, well, we're going to
pray. Father, we just thank you for the
word. We thank you, Father, for the
body that was—that you died for us.
You suffered for us. We're so grateful
for all that you've done. We're so
grateful that you died on the cross for
all of us. And we live by faith and not
by sight. We're not moved by what we
see. We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God
says. And if God be for us, who can be
against us? Greater is he that is in
me than he that is in the world. A
thousand shall fall at my side and
10,000 at my right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh us. The greater one
lives on the inside of me.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And if he did it, we can do it because
as he is, so are we in this world. And I
thank you, Lord, for the body. And I
thank you, God, for what you did. And I
receive it by faith in the name of
Jesus.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us. We apply the blood over us
in Jesus'name and it never loses its
power. We apply the blood over our
minds. We apply the blood over
our prayer time tonight,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We plead the
blood. And if you want to show us
anything, Lord, we yield. We yield to
the anointing of the watcher. We yield
to the anointing of the prophetic. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we see
that which is to come,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood of Jesus. And greater is he, we
say it all the time,
that is in me than he that is in the
world.
Amen and amen. We plead the blood of
Jesus. Amen.
All right,
I'm just going to jump right in that
river because I felt the pull when I was
praying.
God
bless
America,
land
that
I love.
Stand beside
her
and guide her
through the night with a light from
above.
From the mountain
to the prairie
to the
ocean
wide with foam.
God
bless
America,
my home
sweet
home.
God
bless
America,
my home
sweet
home.
God
bless
America,
land
that
I love.
Stand beside
her
and guide her
through the night
with a light from above.
From the mountains
to the prairie
to the
ocean
wide with foam.
God
bless
America,
my home
sweet
home.
God
bless
America,
my home
sweet
home.
We're so thankful,
for
we are the land of the free
and the home of the brave.
We're so thankful for this time, for
this weekend,
that we even have a president who would
want to rededicate the land back to you.
I don't know what he will say, but
Father, I thank you for the covering
over his life.
We bless you, Father. We thank you,
Lord,
that you would see it and
that you're not done with America yet.
Father, America will have
fresh air in
her
sails.
No matter how much the
tyrants,
the deep state, and the
far left want to destroy this nation,
when the enemy tries to come in, the
spirit of the Lord raises a standard
against him.
I believe, Father,
the best is yet to come, for the greatest
revival we've ever seen
will manifest.
Father, you said a great shaking to
awaken would happen.
I'm not asking for
our politics to be resurrected, but just
for the church to get a backbone like a
crowbar and stand for what's right.
Let
the preachers preach
repentance and holiness back in the
pulpits;
it's time for the sinners to turn
from their wicked ways.
We cry out for a holy God to have mercy
on us.
We cry out for a holy God, for a nation
that's one nation under God, that we
will be that nation strong.
We will not falter.
As a nation of prayer, we
rise up and pray for our president,
the vice president,
the cabinet, the Senate,
and
the House
for a shaking unto you,
Lord—a
shaking from sea to shining sea, from
the Gulf to Canada. We call a major move
of God, a shaking to awaken over our
land.
We believe. We receive. We say, 'Satan,
you will not take us.
You'll not have this land.
We will not be a goat nation; we will be
a sheep
nation.'We
bless Israel
and we pray for peace over
Jerusalem
and
over Israel right now in the name
of Jesus. We pray for peace over our
land, for you said, 'Those that bless
her, I will bless, and those that curse,
I will curse.'We bless them in
Jesus'name.
We stand for what you stand for,
Lord. We stand for righteousness,
truth, and
holiness.
We stand for
people that have
their heart toward you,
that we don't have compromise in us,
that there is no mixture.
We're a remnant without spot or wrinkle
that you call the bride to your side.
We'll be that church that
has
that backbone that says, 'Thus far,
Satan, and no further. You'll not take
our cities, our towns,
our churches,
our schools, or our
colleges.'We
pray the peace that passes all
understanding
and a spirit of joy and resurrection
of that which was dead. We call the dry
bones to live
again—across
America, across
Europe, across Africa, across Asia,
across the Middle East, and across North
and
South America. We say, 'Can these bones
live,
world?'We
call the dry bones to be
resurrected and say, 'Come back to
life.'A
great revival begins with
me and you.
Speak to the dry bones in the valleys.
Can these bones live?
Yes, they can, Lord.
Now, Father,
I ask you, just like it was with Finney
and
Father Nash whenever they went to
pray:
let the glory fill the whole place.
Let a tangible presence of the Lord
begin.
I
hear the sound of an abundance of
rain—a
wind,
a strange wind,
as he declares it out of his mouth.
It will start from the east and go to
the
west—a
wind of
change.
I pray
for
protection: no terrorist attacks, no
bombings,
no shootings. No weapon
formed against any of them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten
thousand
at their right hand. We cover it in
the blood. We say, 'Angels of the Lord, go
manifest around and protect the
people.'We
call for the warring angels to go on
our behalf right now in the name of
Jesus.
For every plot and plan of the wicked
to kill, steal, and destroy, to wreak havoc
in any way, we say it is not going to
happen.
We apply the blood over this land.
We
pray over Memorial Day,
the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier,
and
the
monument
of the
fallen.
We pray over
President Trump, JD
Vance, Rubio, and
the
leaders of this nation,
that they'll get the Clarity Act done
and
the SAVE America Act done.
We stand for righteousness and truth, and
it will prevail.
Glory, glory,
hallelujah!
There's something so patriotic hitting
this nation in the days ahead.
There's a patriotism coming.
Do you remember what it was when 9/11 happened?
Everybody was
about the event, and
there were so many
American
flags.
I see a patriotism coming across this
nation again.
I see a wound
coming,
an
awakening of a sleeping
giant.
It looks like a crater
with
smoke and fire coming from
the buildings.
I see a
patriotism coming across this land:
patriots, cowboy trucks, and
big-wheel
trucks with flags on
them.
I
see a
shaking to
awaken.
It's not like planes like 9/11; this
is something else.
It's a building.
I've
got to go up
higher.
I
can see it
now.
The devices that
will disrupt the airwaves with 911
and
the
telephones with 911. I see jamming.
In the hospitals, there
are
snipers.
Great disruption.
I see trains
and
railroads.
I hear that song:
'From the lakes of Minnesota
to the hills of Tennessee,
across
the plains of Texas,
from sea to shining
sea.'I
can hear it
playing.
Pride in every American heart.
It's time we stand and say,
'I'm proud to be an American,
where at least I know I'm free.
And I won't forget the men who died, who
gave that life to me. And I'd gladly
stand up
next to
you.'There's
rallies coming—Republican rallies. Patriotism. Now I see
a
UFO—a
flying
saucer.
There's something to the files,
something on a mountain. It's
a
distraction.
I see
the
sleight
of hand. This thing
I see:
shaking, shaking.
I pray over our water supply
and
our power grid,
specifically
the
substations
in major cities.
It's the power grid and the substations
in Tennessee.
It's the cell towers,
the cell service for your cell phones.
Disruption in cell service. I see
hacking in AT&T
and
the cell service. There's going to be
disruption in the cell service. When you
can't talk on your cell phone,
this is from the jammers.
The jammers will block the cell signals.
You're not
going to be able to use your cell phone.
The internet will be out.
Starlink will be needed
and
very
useful.
Do you hear me, son?
Because there are hackers
coming
today.
They're going to attack the internet.
I see
Starlink being used.
It will be hard to get it; it is
sold
out everywhere.
I see Best Buy and these
stores,
and I don't know why the Lord is
showing me this,
but I see it
concerning the mobile internet.
It's something with
these
jammers,
and it will affect banking.
I
see
2028.
It's about the big presidential election
campaigning.
Great disruptions
to overthrow
when they see they're down in the polls.
This is with France too.
Macron
in France
and
Canada.
It's with that plague
Macron in his elections. You see
that man,
Macron,
the
man that's homosexual?
They'll be pushing him really hard.
Gabriel
is
a homosexual.
What
does France have to do with this?
Remember I told you Russia and France.
This is the attack trying to
protect President Trump. France, Macron,
Obama, and
Barack
H.
The crown jewel
will be the ballroom.
One of the crown
jewels of legacies.
Now, I'm going to say
this, and this is going to sound really
strange,
but this is what I
see.
I see a great big
hornet
dressed in a military outfit,
like a Green Beret.
The hornet has blue eyes
layered with a black ring in
the middle.
It's
focused angrily, flying towards you with its stinger
out.
It has a Green Beret hat
with military
patches on it, and it's
stinging, upset about what I
just said. It has five
stars on its shoulders.
They're not happy with Trump;
they think more
like
Democrats.
This is the coup,
January 6th on steroids,
a 25th Amendment
coup.
The Lord said, 'Mad as a hornet.'It's a hornet,
not a bumblebee. It's a
yellow and black hornet.
This general
has five stars.
We pray for President Trump today,
for no 25th Amendment,
and
for the people
around him. No coups.
I see the car market is in trouble.
I see Ford
and
F-150 trucks.
Ford
is
highlighted
as
the largest.
They'll want
a
bailout.
They need
bailouts
from the
government.
I see how much
they're asking for;
it's a lot of money.
It's coming.
I still see CarMax.
I see the market ripple for a day.
Do you remember 'Cash for Clunkers'to stimulate
the car market?
Obama's
great plan.
I like to stop when I'm looking in a
vision like this and just look at what's
going on with the trees
and the weather. I
like to see what
time of year it is.
Trouble deep.
I
see
Iran
crippled, but
I see Iraq growing
and
flourishing,
though
there's still so much corruption.
I'm looking into a
fall now,
possibly
2028.
I can see the crispness
of
the leaves.
What is going on with the economy?
I see the Summer Olympics
with
a black shadow
over
them,
an uncertainty. The Olympics in LA, I see
a black shadow like when the lights
are off. I see a skyscraper with
just a few lights on and
a black shadow over
it.
Praying over our nation
and
2028.
I
see China
and
the boats.
Father, we just pray for the Clarity Act
to push through for the body of Christ.
Father, for the wealth of the sinner
is
laid up for the righteous.
I call the rain to come now in 2026
over our land
and
our finances.
I call the stimulus in this to
bring forth the finances for the body of
Christ to get this job done.
We call the rain
in Jesus'name, the former and the
latter:
rain over our properties, rain over our
finances. Rain, rain, rain.
I'm focused on the fall;
it's got me paused there. The
Lord's got me paused there.
It's September, October, and November of
2028.
Help me to pass through it,
Lord; I yield.
Why is there so much black,
so much darkness?
What is this?
Why is it highlighted this way?
Take no thought for tomorrow;
focus on the harvest now.
Work,
scripture Braden: 'Work while it is day,
for night comes when no one's able to
work.'The
night is coming. Do you see the
darkness?
Work while it is day, my friends,
for night is coming.
Jesus answered,
'Neither this man nor his parents
sinned,
but that the works of God should be
revealed in him. We must work the works of
him who sent me while it is day. The
night is coming when no one can
work.'As
long as I am in
the world, I am the light of the world.
So I see the light: 2026.
But the darkness, I see darkness. And I
see darkness on the buildings.
Work while you can work.
That's the scripture he just
used. You see the darkness? Work,
because
night is coming.
Is there more scripture, son?
That's the New King James Version. But I
feel the anointing of the
Holy Ghost all over me. It
is
stirring in my belly.
Work while it is day,
for night is coming.
As long as it is day, we must do the
works
of him who sent me.
Night is coming when no one can work.
John 9:4.
I like that one. As long as it is day,
we must do the works of him who sent us.
For
as he is, so are we in
this world. Night is coming when no one
can work.
It's going to be dark.
We must work while it is day.
We must be busy about our Father's
business. 2026.
I see darkness coming.
Work while it is day.
Bring in the harvest. 2026, 2027.
Bring in the harvest,
church,
for I see darkness on
the buildings, the
trees,
the leaves,
and
the bark. Work while it is
day.
Matthew, stay. Then Jesus told them, 'You
are going to have the light just a
little while longer.
Walk while you have the light before
darkness overtakes you.
Whoever walks in the dark does not know
where they are going.'That's
an
interesting one.
So he did that three times, talking about
darkness and the light. Walk
and
work while it is light.
Out of my mouth are
two or three witnesses; let
every word be established.
Work while it is day.
As long as it is day, we must do the works
of him who sent me. Night is coming when
no one can work.
Darkness is coming.
It felt so cold.
When I was looking at the darkness, I
could see it. It looked so cold.
Bring the harvest in.
Wouldn't
it be amazing when the revival
starts?
Brother Hagin was talking about it
when I spoke to him in
heaven and I was in the vision. The
Lord said the revival lasts
for two
years,
starts this summer,
goes all the way to 2027 into 2028, and
the rapture of the church would be at
the Shemitah cycle in 2028.
I'm just talking; don't throw rocks at
me.
What
is
the
darkness around 2028?
It's been very hard to get past
2028 in that Shemitah cycle
when I hit that wall
in
November and the election
time frame. Praying over this: when
is the Shemitah cycle? When is Rosh
Hashanah of 2028? Is there a way to find
that out yet? Do they have
it
announced?
Is it October?
'Work while it is day, for night
is
coming.'The
revival could last for two years
if we see it start taking
off this summer.
A patriotism coming on the land, for I
see a crater.
Okay, so evening of Wednesday,
September 20th of 2028, to Friday,
September 22nd, Rosh Hashanah.
That's interesting.
When are the Olympics of 2028?
I saw the Olympics. I could see darkness
on the Olympic something. July
14th to the 30th, 2028.
It's the summer months.
I saw a patriotism coming to this nation
because of a crater. It looked like some
kind of bomb. It looked like Oklahoma
City.
It looked like something shook it. And I
saw patriotism and I could hear
'I'm Proud to Be an
American.'They
were playing it.
Praying over our nation, praying over
shakings.
And then I saw a UFO on the top of a
mountain with a halo
at Pikes
Peak.
It had snow at the top, looking like
a
smoke
ring,
like
what I saw above the Vatican.
Father,
we call in the rain.
We call in supernatural rain over this
nation physically and spiritually.
Our president is
protected; JD Vance,
Rubio, Byron,
and
the ones that are running for office
like
Mike Lindell are protected. Cover Mike
Lindell, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. We cover him; they'll
win by a landslide.
In the vision,
he was losing steam. He looked like
whenever you see somebody fading
like a Back to the Future
picture.
Mike Lindell looked like he was trying
to fade. And the Lord said, 'Pray
for
Michael
Lindell because his photo's
trying
to
fade.'Pray
for him
to have wind in his sails to finish.
We praise you, Father, for this weekend.
We pray over our nation
that we have a rebirthing.
Everyone is protected: President Trump,
Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron.
We pray protection over the
children and even Kai.
No weapon formed against them
shall
prosper. Every tongue that rises against them
fall.
His children are protected. We pray over
the
Second Lady
and
the baby.
We thank you, Lord, for President
Trump's wife, Melania. We call
protection over her for their
marriage to be strong.
Father, our economy will turn
around.
We'll have a
shot in the arm.
From the lakes of Minnesota
to the hills of Tennessee,
across
the plains of Texas,
from sea to shining sea.
From Detroit down to Houston
and New York to LA,
there's pride in every American
heart, and it's time we stand and say:
I'm proud to be an American
where at least I know I'm free,
and I won't forget the men who died who
gave that right to me. And I'd
gladly
stand up next to you and defend her
still today,
'cause
there ain't no doubt I love this
land.
God bless the USA.
Isn't that interesting? I could hear
that.
There's a patriotism coming because of
an event.
There's an event coming. I
see an event;
it's going to shake a lot of people.
It's going to bring fear to
many,
but I tell you, fear not,
for the Lord is with you.
Fear not, church.
There's an event coming:
the
shaking to awaken.
The enemy within.
A Red Dawn experience. D-Day.
A shaking to awaken, church.
Remember, there are major cities
full
of people that Joe Biden let
in—terrorists
that have been waiting.
You say, 'Well, how come they
haven't done anything yet?'Because it's
not a strike for a strike. They want to
do a fatal blow to our beautiful nation.
It's waiting and waiting.
It's a
multi-hundred million-dollar
event. It's big money. I'm
talking about telephone communication,
disrupting 911 with our cell
towers,
our electric grid, and our hospitals.
Remember what he said at the beginning:
'I saw hospitals,
I saw our cell towers. You couldn't
call out on AT&T.'I saw internet being
jammed and it was only by satellite,
Starlink
or
something. I saw an event coming
that was planned—very planned, very strategic, and very
tactical.
The
Lord said, 'Pray for that.'You should
pray.
He kept saying many, many 9/11s.
Not one 9/11 like planes; many, many.
It's a Red Dawn experience.
The enemy within.
So, we thank you, Lord, for keeping our
brothers and sisters safe as they go to
the prayer vigil this weekend,
this rededication with President
Trump. And we thank you for protection
around and about our president, around the
family, around whoever else is going. The
pastors, the preachers, the prophets,
the teachers, the evangelists, everybody
who goes, we ask for special protection
over them. And the ones that speak, let
them speak with fire and boldness.
Let them speak with fire and boldness,
Father, and conviction of the Holy
Spirit. Father,
there will be a shock
and awe to the crowd as the glory fills
this place and a wind comes. A wind as
it happens. A wind goes through the
cities. A wind.
Mysterious,
mysterious wind.
I hear a mysterious wind but
recognizable.
A mysterious wind.
The Lord will bring His wind
and His rain
and
His
reign.
He's the God of the signs.
Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us. I really feel,
you know, I could sit here because the
presence of the Lord is so strong.
I feel very strong. I feel the
presence of the Lord. I'm so grateful
for it.
I'm
praying
over—He
said, 'Pray over'—I see New York
Yankees games.
Remember the drones?
I pray over these drones. I pray
over this: no weapon formed against the
people at the games, baseball games,
in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord.
All right.
Well, God bless you all. I pray you have
a wonderful night. It's at Central
and I kept you for two hours. I'm so
thankful for your two hours.
I try not to abuse your time.
I'm so grateful for every single one of
you. And the Holy Spirit,
thank you, too.
We're so thankful for your time.
It's such a blessing that you'd spend
your Friday night with me praying.
I feel released to stop
praying.
I'm not apologizing for
praying; I'm just saying thank you for
your time.
So, God bless y'all. We had 53
salvations. What a wonderful night.
Remember,
thank you for joining us and we'll see
you again soon. Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.